Hey, do you want to be ashamed to hit people in public?
It's a wolf's heart
He was kind enough to take him in
He doesn't know how to be grateful.
I bah
People like him should post it online
Let everyone teach him a good lesson
Hey, did you get flipped?
Hey
What is your relationship with Xu Xi?
Is it his original title?
I don't mind
That's okay.
You have nothing to do with him, why are you speaking for him?
Otherwise, you can help him pay us back the money.
Let go of me
Uh-huh.
What are you coming for me?
It has nothing to do with anyone else.
Oh my god
Why is my life so miserable?
You've done something wrong and you're still so arrogant
I can't stand it anymore.
Get down and take a picture
Just take a picture of him
Deserved the strike
Stop